PATCHES.md, before:

# Patches

<!--- 
This file is autogenerated! Modify the .template.md to make changes!
--->

This is an overview over all patches that are currently used.

| Side | Patch        | Author           | CoAuthors  |
| ----- | ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| server |  Actually unload POI data      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Add MC-4 fix back      | BillyGalbreath |  |
| server |  Add Velocity natives for encryption and compression      | Andrew Steinborn |  |
| server |  Add option to disable observer clocks      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Add packet limiter config      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Add permission for F3+N debug      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Add soft async catcher      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Airplane Configuration      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Airplane MC Dev Fixes      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Airplane Profiler      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Allow Entities to be removed from a world while ticking      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Allow controlled flushing for network manager      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Attempt to recalculate regionfile header if it is corrupt      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Avoid double I/O operation on load player file      | ㄗㄠˋ ㄑㄧˊ |  |
| server |  Be aware of entity teleports when chunk checking entities      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Brand changes      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Cache climbing check for activation      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Cache coordinate key for micro opt      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Cache entityhuman display name      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Cache palette array      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Change writes to use NORMAL priority rather than LOW      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Config to disable method profiler      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Configurable TPS Catchup      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Configurable villager brain ticks      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Consolidate flush calls for entity tracker packets      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Copy passenger list in enderTeleportTo      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Correctly handle recursion for chunkholder updates      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Custom table implementation for blockstate state lookups      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Delay chunk unloads      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Detail more information in watchdog dumps      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Disable Paper timings by default      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Disable Snooper      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Disable outdated build check      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Distance manager tick timings      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not allow the server to unload chunks at request of      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not allow ticket level changes while unloading      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not copy visible chunks      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not load chunks during a crash report      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not retain playerchunkmap instance in light thread factory      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not run close logic for inventories on chunk unload      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not run raytrace logic for AIR      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not update TE&#39;s in generating chunks      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t allow StructureLocateEvent to change worlds      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t get entity equipment if not needed      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t load chunk with seed based feature search      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t lookup fluid state when raytracing      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t read neighbour chunk data off disk when converting      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t save Fireworks      | Aikar |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t trigger Lootable Refresh for non player interaction      | Aikar |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t use force unload for keep spawn setting change      | Aikar |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t wake up entities when damage event is cancelled      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Dont send useless entity packets      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Dynamic activation range      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Early return optimization for target finding      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Execute chunk tasks mid-tick      | Spottedleaf |  |
| api |  Expose findClass for profiler      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Fix &#39;outdated server&#39; showing in ping before server fully      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Fix Bukkit.createInventory() with type LECTERN      | willies952002 |  |
| server |  Fix Give command      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Fix LightEngineThreaded memory leak      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Fix NPE in pickup logic for arrow      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Fix chunks refusing to unload at low TPS      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Fix exp drop of zombie pigmen (MC-56653)      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Fix incorrect isRealPlayer init      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Fix swamp hut cat generation deadlock      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Fix the dead lagging the server      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Heavily optimize recipe lookups in CraftingManager      | Mykyta Komarn | Ivan Pekov, ishland |
| server |  Highly optimise single and multi-AABB VoxelShapes and      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Hopper Optimizations      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Improve abnormal server shutdown process      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Improve async tp to not load chunks when crossing worlds      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Improve fluid direction caching      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Improve paper prevent moving into unloaded chunk check      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Improved oversized chunk data packet handling      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Lag compensate block breaking      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Lagging threshold      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| api |  Lagging threshold      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Logger settings (suppressing pointless logs)      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  MC-168772 Fix - Add turtle egg block options      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  MC-Dev fixes      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Make CallbackExecutor strict again      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Make entity tracker use highest range of passengers      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Make sure inlined getChunkAt has inlined logic for loaded      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Manually inline methods in BlockPosition      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Modify POM      | YatopiaMC |  |
| server |  Modify POM      | YatopiaMC |  |
| api |  Modify POM      | YatopiaMC |  |
| api |  Modify POM      | YatopiaMC |  |
| server |  More debug for plugins not shutting down tasks      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Multi-Threaded Server Ticking Vanilla      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Multi-Threaded ticking CraftBukkit      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Multithreaded entity tracking      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Name craft scheduler threads according to the plugin using      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  New nbt cache      | Hugo Planque | ishland |
| server |  Not discard timed-out tasks      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Nuke Bootstrap thread pool      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Only check for spooky season once an hour      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Oprimise map impl for tracked players      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise WorldServer#notify      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise chunk tick iteration      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise closest entity lookup      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise collision checking in player move packet handling      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise entity hard collision checking      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise general POI access      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise nearby player lookups      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise non-flush packet sending      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise snow &amp; ice in chunk ticking      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise tab complete      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimize BehaviorController      | MrIvanPlays |  |
| server |  Optimize advancement loading      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Optimize inventory API item handling      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Optimize random calls in chunk ticking      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Optimize redundant calls      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Optimize whitelist command for multiple additions / removals      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Option for simpler Villagers      | tr7zw |  |
| server |  Origami Server Config      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Per World Spawn Limits      | Chase Whipple |  |
| api |  Per player viewdistances      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Prevent long map entry creation in light engine      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Prevent unload() calls removing tickets for sync loads      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Properly handle cancellation of projectile hit event      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Purpur config files      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| api |  Purpur config files      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Range check flag dirty calls in PlayerChunk      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Reduce allocation rate from crammed entities      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Reduce allocs &amp; improve perf of StructureManager      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Reduce chunk loading &amp; lookups      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Reduce frequency of checking for entity despawn      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Reduce iterator allocation from chunk gen      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Reduce memory allocations      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Reduce pathfinder branches      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Reduce projectile chunk loading      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Remove PaperMC Metrics      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Remove VersionFetcher      | foss-mc |  |
| api |  Remove VersionFetcher      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Remove chunk lookup &amp; lambda allocation from counting mobs      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Remove iterators from inventory contains      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Remove some streams and object allocations      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Remove streams      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Remove streams for villager AI      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Remove unnecessary &#96;LogManager.getLogger()&#96;      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Replace player chunk loader system      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Replace ticket level propagator      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Revert MC-4 fix      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Revert Yatopia&#39;s update of hamcrest version      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Revert getChunkAt(Async) retaining chunks for long periods of      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Rework PlayerChunk main thread checks      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Rewrite the light engine      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Send full pos packets for hard colliding entities      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Separate lookup locking from state access in UserCache      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Simpler ShapelessRecipes comparison for Vanilla      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Skip POI finding if stuck in vehicle      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Skip copying unloading tile entities      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Skip creating hashset for entity track range      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Skip events if there&#39;s no listeners      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Smarter statistics ticking      | Mykyta Komarnytskyy |  |
| server |  Smol entity optimisations      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Squid EAR immunity      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Stop large move vectors in player packet handling from      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Stop wasting resources on JsonList#get      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Strip raytracing for EntityLiving#hasLineOfSight      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Subtle Changes      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Swap priority of checks in chunk ticking      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Swaps the predicate order of collision      | ㄗㄠˋ ㄑㄧˊ |  |
| server |  Tick fluids config      | BillyGalbreath |  |
| server |  Time scoreboard search      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Tuinity Server Config      | Spottedleaf |  |
| api |  Tuinity config      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Update version fetcher repo      | JRoy |  |
| server |  Use entity ticking chunk map for entity tracker      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Use hash table for maintaing changed block set      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Use unmodifiableMap instead of making copy      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Util patch      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Utilities      | YatopiaMC | Mykyta Komarnytskyy, Ivan Pekov |
| api |  Yatopia Config &amp; Redirect Config      | YatopiaMC |  |
| server |  Yatopia configuration      | tr7zw |  |
| server |  anti Fast Async WorldEdit Yatopia detection      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  don&#39;t create new random instance      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  dont load chunks for physics      | Aikar |  |
| server |  hardcode BukkitVersion - 1.16.5-R0.1-SNAPSHOT      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  lithium DataTrackerMixin      | JellySquid | tr7zw |
| server |  lithium HashedList      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium MixinBox      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium MixinDirection      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium MixinGoalSelector      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium NoiseChunkGeneratorMixin      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium PerlinNoiseSamplerMixin      | JellySquid | Bud Gidiere |
| server |  lithium VoronoiBiomeAccessTypeMixin      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium enum_values      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium reduce allocations      | JellySquid | Mykyta Komarnytskyy |
| server |  lithium: cache chunk gen sea level      | SuperCoder7979 |  |
| server |  logo      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  mark some OBFHELPER as final      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  mark some classes as final      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  remove Yatopia&#39;s brand-name: it is incomplete      | foss-mc |  |

Commit message:

add repositories section from Purpur's and Yatopia's Modify-POM

PATCHES.md, after:

# Patches

<!--- 
This file is autogenerated! Modify the .template.md to make changes!
--->

This is an overview over all patches that are currently used.

| Side | Patch        | Author           | CoAuthors  |
| ----- | ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| server |  Actually unload POI data      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Add MC-4 fix back      | BillyGalbreath |  |
| server |  Add Velocity natives for encryption and compression      | Andrew Steinborn |  |
| server |  Add option to disable observer clocks      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Add packet limiter config      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Add permission for F3+N debug      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Add soft async catcher      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Airplane Configuration      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Airplane MC Dev Fixes      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Airplane Profiler      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Allow Entities to be removed from a world while ticking      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Allow controlled flushing for network manager      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Attempt to recalculate regionfile header if it is corrupt      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Avoid double I/O operation on load player file      | ㄗㄠˋ ㄑㄧˊ |  |
| server |  Be aware of entity teleports when chunk checking entities      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Brand changes      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Cache climbing check for activation      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Cache coordinate key for micro opt      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Cache entityhuman display name      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Cache palette array      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Change writes to use NORMAL priority rather than LOW      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Config to disable method profiler      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Configurable TPS Catchup      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Configurable villager brain ticks      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Consolidate flush calls for entity tracker packets      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Copy passenger list in enderTeleportTo      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Correctly handle recursion for chunkholder updates      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Custom table implementation for blockstate state lookups      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Delay chunk unloads      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Detail more information in watchdog dumps      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Disable Paper timings by default      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Disable Snooper      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Disable outdated build check      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Distance manager tick timings      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not allow the server to unload chunks at request of      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not allow ticket level changes while unloading      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not copy visible chunks      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not load chunks during a crash report      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not retain playerchunkmap instance in light thread factory      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not run close logic for inventories on chunk unload      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not run raytrace logic for AIR      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Do not update TE&#39;s in generating chunks      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t allow StructureLocateEvent to change worlds      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t get entity equipment if not needed      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t load chunk with seed based feature search      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t lookup fluid state when raytracing      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t read neighbour chunk data off disk when converting      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t save Fireworks      | Aikar |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t trigger Lootable Refresh for non player interaction      | Aikar |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t use force unload for keep spawn setting change      | Aikar |  |
| server |  Don&#39;t wake up entities when damage event is cancelled      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Dont send useless entity packets      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Dynamic activation range      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Early return optimization for target finding      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Execute chunk tasks mid-tick      | Spottedleaf |  |
| api |  Expose findClass for profiler      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Fix &#39;outdated server&#39; showing in ping before server fully      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Fix Bukkit.createInventory() with type LECTERN      | willies952002 |  |
| server |  Fix Give command      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Fix LightEngineThreaded memory leak      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Fix NPE in pickup logic for arrow      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Fix chunks refusing to unload at low TPS      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Fix exp drop of zombie pigmen (MC-56653)      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Fix incorrect isRealPlayer init      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Fix swamp hut cat generation deadlock      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Fix the dead lagging the server      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Heavily optimize recipe lookups in CraftingManager      | Mykyta Komarn | Ivan Pekov, ishland |
| server |  Highly optimise single and multi-AABB VoxelShapes and      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Hopper Optimizations      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Improve abnormal server shutdown process      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Improve async tp to not load chunks when crossing worlds      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Improve fluid direction caching      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Improve paper prevent moving into unloaded chunk check      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Improved oversized chunk data packet handling      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Lag compensate block breaking      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Lagging threshold      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| api |  Lagging threshold      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Logger settings (suppressing pointless logs)      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  MC-168772 Fix - Add turtle egg block options      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  MC-Dev fixes      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Make CallbackExecutor strict again      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Make entity tracker use highest range of passengers      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Make sure inlined getChunkAt has inlined logic for loaded      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Manually inline methods in BlockPosition      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Modify POM      | YatopiaMC |  |
| server |  Modify POM      | YatopiaMC |  |
| api |  Modify POM      | YatopiaMC |  |
| api |  Modify POM      | YatopiaMC |  |
| server |  More debug for plugins not shutting down tasks      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Multi-Threaded Server Ticking Vanilla      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Multi-Threaded ticking CraftBukkit      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Multithreaded entity tracking      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Name craft scheduler threads according to the plugin using      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  New nbt cache      | Hugo Planque | ishland |
| server |  Not discard timed-out tasks      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Nuke Bootstrap thread pool      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Only check for spooky season once an hour      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Oprimise map impl for tracked players      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise WorldServer#notify      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise chunk tick iteration      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise closest entity lookup      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise collision checking in player move packet handling      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise entity hard collision checking      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise general POI access      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise nearby player lookups      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise non-flush packet sending      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise snow &amp; ice in chunk ticking      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimise tab complete      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Optimize BehaviorController      | MrIvanPlays |  |
| server |  Optimize advancement loading      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Optimize inventory API item handling      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Optimize random calls in chunk ticking      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Optimize redundant calls      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Optimize whitelist command for multiple additions / removals      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Option for simpler Villagers      | tr7zw |  |
| server |  Origami Server Config      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Per World Spawn Limits      | Chase Whipple |  |
| api |  Per player viewdistances      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Prevent long map entry creation in light engine      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Prevent unload() calls removing tickets for sync loads      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Properly handle cancellation of projectile hit event      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Purpur config files      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| api |  Purpur config files      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Range check flag dirty calls in PlayerChunk      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Reduce allocation rate from crammed entities      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Reduce allocs &amp; improve perf of StructureManager      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Reduce chunk loading &amp; lookups      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Reduce frequency of checking for entity despawn      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Reduce iterator allocation from chunk gen      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Reduce memory allocations      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Reduce pathfinder branches      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Reduce projectile chunk loading      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Remove PaperMC Metrics      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Remove VersionFetcher      | foss-mc |  |
| api |  Remove VersionFetcher      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Remove chunk lookup &amp; lambda allocation from counting mobs      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Remove iterators from inventory contains      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Remove some streams and object allocations      | Phoenix616 |  |
| server |  Remove streams      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Remove streams for villager AI      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Remove unnecessary &#96;LogManager.getLogger()&#96;      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Replace player chunk loader system      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Replace ticket level propagator      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Revert MC-4 fix      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Revert Yatopia&#39;s update of hamcrest version      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Revert getChunkAt(Async) retaining chunks for long periods of      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Rework PlayerChunk main thread checks      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Rewrite the light engine      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Send full pos packets for hard colliding entities      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Separate lookup locking from state access in UserCache      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Simpler ShapelessRecipes comparison for Vanilla      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Skip POI finding if stuck in vehicle      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Skip copying unloading tile entities      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Skip creating hashset for entity track range      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Skip events if there&#39;s no listeners      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Smarter statistics ticking      | Mykyta Komarnytskyy |  |
| server |  Smol entity optimisations      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Squid EAR immunity      | William Blake Galbreath |  |
| server |  Stop large move vectors in player packet handling from      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Stop wasting resources on JsonList#get      | Ivan Pekov |  |
| server |  Strip raytracing for EntityLiving#hasLineOfSight      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Subtle Changes      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  Swap priority of checks in chunk ticking      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Swaps the predicate order of collision      | ㄗㄠˋ ㄑㄧˊ |  |
| server |  Tick fluids config      | BillyGalbreath |  |
| server |  Time scoreboard search      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Tuinity Server Config      | Spottedleaf |  |
| api |  Tuinity config      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Update version fetcher repo      | JRoy |  |
| server |  Use entity ticking chunk map for entity tracker      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Use hash table for maintaing changed block set      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Use unmodifiableMap instead of making copy      | Paul Sauve |  |
| server |  Util patch      | Spottedleaf |  |
| server |  Utilities      | YatopiaMC | Mykyta Komarnytskyy, Ivan Pekov |
| api |  Yatopia Config &amp; Redirect Config      | YatopiaMC |  |
| server |  Yatopia configuration      | tr7zw |  |
| server |  add repositories section from Purpur&#39;s and Yatopia&#39;s      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  anti Fast Async WorldEdit Yatopia detection      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  don&#39;t create new random instance      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  dont load chunks for physics      | Aikar |  |
| server |  hardcode BukkitVersion - 1.16.5-R0.1-SNAPSHOT      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  lithium DataTrackerMixin      | JellySquid | tr7zw |
| server |  lithium HashedList      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium MixinBox      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium MixinDirection      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium MixinGoalSelector      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium NoiseChunkGeneratorMixin      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium PerlinNoiseSamplerMixin      | JellySquid | Bud Gidiere |
| server |  lithium VoronoiBiomeAccessTypeMixin      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium enum_values      | JellySquid |  |
| server |  lithium reduce allocations      | JellySquid | Mykyta Komarnytskyy |
| server |  lithium: cache chunk gen sea level      | SuperCoder7979 |  |
| server |  logo      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  mark some OBFHELPER as final      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  mark some classes as final      | foss-mc |  |
| server |  remove Yatopia&#39;s brand-name: it is incomplete      | foss-mc |  |
